Added Azure.MySQL.UseFlexible (#1844)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.MySQL.UseFlexible.md

---
severity: Important
pillar: Operational Excellence
category: Infrastructure provisioning
resource: Azure Database for MySQL
online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.MySQL.UseFlexible/
---

# Use Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server

## SYNOPSIS

Use Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server deployment model.

## DESCRIPTION

Azure Database for MySQL Single Server is on the retirement path. Upgrade to Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server.

> Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server to bring you the best of Azure’s open-source database platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server provides additional options for resilience and scalability above the Single Server deployment model.
```

> Check out the `NOTES` section for more details about the retirement path and migration steps.

Author: Yes, this is just my mistake.
